An exciting event took place in 2017 across the United States.
August 21, 2017 has been on a lot of people's calendars for a long time because of the total eclipse.
As Jehovah's Witnesses, we are constantly on the lookout for events where we can support community outreach.
Brothers and Sisters prepared well in advance to give a Bible education to the many travelers.
What convinced us that this was an opportunity to give a great witness was we did a little research.
And we noticed the hotel bookings.
The town was packed.
So we could tell this was going to be a big event.
We needed to do something.
We wanted to be in a position to share the wonderful things from the Bible with them.
We need to take a global approach.
We had to identify all the resources in band, not just to it by an individual congregation.
So in our campaign, we decided to feature three primary tools.
First, what does the Bible really teach?
Because many people wonder.
Second, was life created with an eclipse event.
People are thinking about the universe.
It's a good opportunity to talk about our creator.
And thirdly, jdm.org, since we expect a lot of visitors from all over the world, we could reach them in their language.
Over 200 brothers and sisters attended two seminars put on by local brothers to help prepare individuals for the massive campaign.
We had examples of what not to do and what to do so as to benefit as many people as possible.
We had an interview.
We had demonstrations on how to speak to people in different languages.
We're expecting people from many different parts of the world.
It's actually an opportunity to be like a missionary in our own hometown.
Some of the estimates that we have heard are conservative estimates of probably 200,000 visitors.
It may be more than that.
The local congregations made themselves available to work with city officials to prepare the parks for the large influx of people.
So many of Jehovah's Witnesses have volunteered to help in all kinds of things.
These are really small communities that are having a very large influx of people.
All of that extra effort and help in kind of preparing and cleaning up is much appreciated.
We've had been working with Jehovah's Witnesses for a period of years here at Smith Rock.
It's been a good experience for our staff and our volunteers.
We want to accommodate that anyway we can.
There's been a lot of good things happening with cart witnessing.
One of the friends had a nice experience with an Arabic-speaking man.
But she said the seminar is what helped her to be prepared.
She knew how to work the app, how to find the video in the language.
She already had it downloaded and ready to go.
Paul spoke about his ministry.
He said, well, it's me if I did not declare the good news.
So we don't want to look back in which we would have done more.
Trying it for the first time, it can be scary, it can be nerve-wracking.
But it's not so scary after you get started.
What's really been fun is what we are calling roving.
We go into an area where there's a lot of people and we just start conversations.
We don't carry any literature.
We just have our device and the JW.org contact cart.
And then hopefully, if the opportunity resents itself,
we may share them a video or tell them where Jehovah's Witnesses.
It's just been a paradise for them, preaching paradise to all these visitors coming in.
We may not see the results of the seed that was planted when they take a look at our cart.
But Jehovah knows and the angels know and can make that role.
This endeavor has really helped me to appreciate the need to be alert,
to ways to expand our ministry.
Most communities have a calendar of events.
Have we thought about looking at it and then make plans to give a witness by having our literature carts out.
In really events like this, they have a bigger impact on us as Jehovah's Witnesses.
Because we have an opportunity to talk, we get excited about our work,
we're all working together shoulder to shoulder.
It really builds our faith.
Recently, a scripture that stood out to me was first Chronicles,
chapter 28, verse 20, where it says,
be courageous and go to work.
Help me to realize I just need to take initiative and try.
That's what we all need to do.
And then let Jehovah decide how things turn out.
Jehovah will no doubt less your efforts as you show an interest in others.